Every Episode of Death In Paradise, a show I love:

Lovely establishing shot of tropical bay, forest of palm trees. Four English people are relaxing on a beach.
1 (fiddling about with something in his pocket): "When's the person who will be the murder victim going to get here?"
2: "Ha ha, old MV is always late!"
1: "It's not as if he has to catch a plane as he, alone of all of us, lives on the island."
2: "Wait a minute, I've just had a text from him. It says, 'Just noticed a curious building. I'm going to investigate."
1: "This is all very well but I need to go off to my comedy gig. Some of us have to work around here!" Leaves on motorbike.
3: "Let's get another round in."
Fade to several empty bottles and the three lounging.
2: "I've just received another text from MV. 'Help, I am trapped in the building. They are about to demolish it!'"
4: "There are no demolitions scheduled today until 11.30. What time is it now?"
2: "It's 11.28. What if they start earl..."
Sound of collapsing building.

*

DS: "The victim was crushed to death in the demolition that took place at 11.28am. What do you have there, sir?"
DI (holding pillow case in gloved hand): "It's a pillow case I found near the entrance. It just seemed incongruous. Probably nothing, and not at all likely to turn out to be an important clue later. This appears to be brick dust on it. Accompanying officers, which of the two of you is not studying for sergeant's exam?"
Officer 1: "Me sir."
DI: "Get it over to the lab, would you."
Officer 1: "Yes sir."
DS: "We should look into the victim's financial records and get his telephone provider to give details of every call he made."
DI: "Good idea. Officer 2, could you get on with that please."
Officer 2: "Yes sir."
DI: "Luckily we've only got four suspects, so I'll stick their pictures on this whiteboard along with pictures of the crushed-to-death victim. Let's go through them."
DS: "The smug suspect. He stood to gain most from the victim's death, but his alibi is watertight - he was performing his risque comedy live to 10,000 people in the hitherto unmentioned Honore stadium."
Officer 1 returning from lab: "Could he have an android replica?"
DI: "Unlikely. The tearful suspect - possibly overdoing the grief?"
DS: "The quiet suspect. May be jealous."
DI: "And the fourth suspect. We'll forget about him until the second act. Any theories?"
DS: "I'm completely at a loss."
DI: "Well let's call it a day. I'm going over to Catherine's bar for a beer. Anyone want to join me?"
Everyone: "Yes!"

*

DI at home. Harry the lizard appears. "Hello Harry. I think I have feelings towards the DS. Or is it the other way round this time? I forget. Anyway, I'm not sure if I should make a move or keep it professional."
Harry runs away.
DI: "Oh you're probably right."
Enter the Commissioner, silently. DI turns with a start.
DI: "Oh, Commissioner, I didn't hear you come in."
Commissioner: "The victim was a prominent member of the soup tasting society, and a personal friend of the Governor of Saint Marie, so treat this one with sensitivity and try to solve it."
DI: "Okay."

*

DI: "So you say you didn't know the victim's wife?"
Smug Suspect: "I met her once or twice but that was all."
DS: "Interesting, because we have CCTV footage of you going into a hotel with her."
DI: "And shagging her."
Smug Suspect: "What? That's really on CCTV?"
DI and DS nod.
Smug Suspect: "Okay, so we were having an affair."
DS: "You should have mentioned it."
Smug Suspect: "I didn't think it was relevant."
DI: "It's a murder investigation. And you lied to us."
Smug Suspect: "Okay, I lied. But I didn't lie about performing live in the Honore stadium at 11.28 when the victim was murdered."
DI and DS look defeated.

*

Catherine: "I'm sorry that last broth wasn't very nice. Here, I've brought you another bowl. I think it will be better because fewer cooks worked on it."
DI: "Thank you very much, Catherine, that is very..." Lightbulb moment. "Too many cooks spoil... Well that's just it!"
DS: "You've solved the mystery, sir?"
DI: "I know how it was done, and why. I only need to know who... and I think..."
Officer 1: "Excuse me, my phone's ringing." (Answers it.) "What's that you say? The purchaser of the pillows was allergic to duck down?"
DI: "And now I know who did it!"

*

All four suspects gathered. Officers standing ready with handcuffs. DS and (optionally) the Commissioner stand watching as DI holds forth:
DI to Smug Suspect: "So when the victim woke to find his wife was not with him, he suspected you had a - what's the word - an assignation with her. He followed you to the building where you stole his phone, locked him in and proceeded to demolish the building with him inside it - several hours before your comedy gig at 11.28."
Smug Suspect (not so smug now): "How could I have demolished a building without anyone knowing?"
DI: "You surrounded the wrecking ball with pillows to silence it. Hours later you sent the texts purporting to be from the victim. I know you use sound effects in your comedy routine so it would have been a simple matter to remotely trigger a loud demolition sound effect from the stadium."
Smug Suspect looks defeated.
